[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: Fonts-- let's talk
some more about fonts.
Most designers will use a
number of different fonts
when they're
designing a website,
but will also reuse the same
font using different weights,
widths, or slants.
On the web, that usually means
downloading an additional font
file per configuration.
And that can add up to
a few hundred kilobytes
quite quickly.
And this is where variable
fonts come into play.
With variable fonts,
you can change
certain settings of
a font without having
to load a new font file.
So for example, using
the gingham font,
I can change both the
weight and the width
of the font using the font
variations headings attribute.
Some settings-- that
is, width and weight--
have standardized abbreviations
that I'm using here.
But fonts can expose
an arbitrary number
of settings for you to change.
While it should
be used with care,
you can even animate
these headings
to transition between
different font layouts.
Keep in mind, though, that
this will cause the browser
to relayout and repaint, which
will become quite expensive
really, really quickly.
Bye.
I've been continuing
Surma's analysis.
And a new graph just came in.
If you prefer the
yellow line, you
should be subscribing
to this channel.
If you prefer the
green line, you
should be watching the
latest "Supercharged" video.
But really, these
lines mean nothing.
You should just be doing both.